Zhang Shaojun, what are you doing?
Let me go
Of course it's for revenge
Ye Feifan, that trash, killed my dad
I must guard that Ye Feifan today
Let him exchange it for my funeral
You are here.
Ye Feifan will definitely come to the door obediently
Hahaha Zhao Shaojun
Don't waste your time.
Ye Feifan, it is impossible for him to come to pick me up
It's not up to you whether you come or not
You don't know your place in Ye Feifan's mind
bit
He was able to rescue you last night
That means he will definitely come today
Hahaha that Shaojun
You are shameless
Oh, scold it, just scold it.
No chance in the future
Hahaha yes
I'll tell you another message for free.
Ye Fei
All the tigers given to you by the Shen family want inner alchemy and an invitation.
letter
It's all true haha
What!
What do you mean?
You lied to me before